This GitHub Repo is for Composing Digital Media fall semester of 2021. Included in this repository is a screenshot of my final-for-now project on Audacity as well as a screenshot of a closer view of the audio clips I used with a fade in/fade out effect. I also added a sources file to credit the sounds that I used from a free audio website. This piece takes on a podcast style format and briefly describes the story of my two major surgeries, resulting in an important lesson I learned from those experiences. The main struggle that I faced in production was background noise after listening to the recordings of my voice. I also somewhat struggled in the process of recording myself telling the story as I ended up having to essentially break up the script that I wrote so that I could record in shorter bursts without messing up. In working on my project, I was able to pick out a few seconds of the radiator "hum" in my apartment and use the noise reduction tool to eliminate it the best I could. The use of the hospital chatter is pretty self-explanatory but the inclusion of the heart rate monitor audio was one of the most extrusive noises that I can recall from my time within the hospital. Although other projects include many different sound tracks, I wanted this project to focus on the impact of my story and speak to the simplicity of just my voice mixed with two other simple sounds. I worked with recordings of my own voice in addition to the recordings of a heart monitor and hospital chatter from Freesound.com.
